Note:
Dont change name of any files.
Instagram Email Scraper Bot
Overview
This project is a sophisticated Instagram bot designed to scrape emails from diverse users on the platform. It employs advanced automation techniques via Appium to log in with various accounts and extract email addresses from targeted profiles.

You can install the packages listed in the requirements.txt file using the pip package manager. Navigate to the directory where the requirements.txt file is located and run the following command:

pip install -r requirements.txt



Other Requirments:
1.LD-Player
2. Android SDK(CMD) or Android Studio (Gui)
3  Java jdk 
4.Adb (Android Debug Bridge)
5.Appium Server


1.LD-Player:
To install LD-palyer use this link

https://www.ldplayer.net/

Ld player Mobile confrigurations:

Mobile:
1.Samsung Galaxy S22 ultra  (SM-S908N)  
2.Mode (Mobile Mode  1080x1920  (dpi 480) )
3.4 cores and 4096 mb of ram.
4.Android version(9)
5. Other setting (ADB debugging  (Open local connection))


2. Android SDK(CMD) or Android Studio (Gui)

You can install Android SDK cmd based from this link 
https://developer.android.com/tools/sdkmanager
https://developer.android.com/tools

But this is very difficult to setup so i recommend to you directly install the gui of android studio . it automatically install all the dependenices for you 

link is:
https://developer.android.com/studio?gad_source=1&gclid=CjwKCAjwxLKxBhA7EiwAXO0R0HWA1TbtP2P6gPNncsR1L2YhdSrnshXqz_z49RU4QQ3_0nBcZq2uvRoCDksQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds


Make sure to setup the enviornment variables like Android Home etc.

3. Java jdk 
 you can download the open jdk and java from this link:(Version 22)
 https://jdk.java.net/22/

 Make sure to setup the enviornment variables like JAVA_HOME etc.


4.Adb (Android Debug Bridge)

You can download the adb from this link:

Video link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GERlhgCcoBc

Link: https://developer.android.com/tools/releases/platform-tools


5. Appium server:

To install appium sever first install node js (v20.12.2)
Link is https://nodejs.org/dist/v20.12.2/node-v20.12.2-x64.msi

To check it is installed sucesssfully (use node --version && npm --version)

then write this command to install appium server 
npm install -g appium@1.22.3   (version must be this)


Other details:

Just setup all the things and run the app.py file to launch the server (Api to get and post request in your server machine or cloud)

then use this command on your local computer to run the bot:

curl -X POST http://127.0.0.1:5000/run_bot -F "proxy_enable=0" -F "output_directory=." -F "login_info_csv=@C:/Users/Talal_HP/Desktop/fiverr/mob/login_info.csv" -F "usernames_csv=@C:/Users/Talal_HP/Desktop/fiverr/mob/usernames.csv" --output C:/Users/Talal_HP/Desktop/fiverr/mob/bot_logs.log

Breakdown:
curl: The command-line tool used for transferring data with URLs. It supports various protocols like HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, etc.
-X POST: Specifies that the HTTP request method should be POST. This means that the data enclosed in the request should be treated as an update to the resource identified by the URL.


http://127.0.0.1:5000/run_bot: The URL to which the POST request is sent. This URL likely corresponds to a web server running on the local machine (127.0.0.1) on port 5000. The endpoint /run_bot suggests that this request triggers some bot execution functionality. (Change this according to your need port and ip )

-F "proxy_enable=0": This is a form parameter -F sent with the request. It indicates that the proxy should be disabled (set to 0) during the bot execution.   (set it to 0 to run without proxy and 1 with proxy).


-F "output_directory=.": Another form parameter specifying the output directory where the bot execution results will be stored.Dont change this.


-F "login_info_csv=@C:/Users/Talal_HP/Desktop/fiverr/mob/login_info.csv": This form parameter indicates that the login information for the bot is provided in a CSV file located at C:/Users/Talal_HP/Desktop/fiverr/mob/login_info.csv.  (Change this according to your need)



-F "usernames_csv=@C:/Users/Talal_HP/Desktop/fiverr/mob/usernames.csv": Similar to the previous parameter, this one specifies that the usernames for the bot are provided in a CSV file located at C:/Users/Talal_HP/Desktop/fiverr/mob/usernames.csv.(Change this according to your need)


--output C:/Users/Talal_HP/Desktop/fiverr/mob/bot_logs.log: Specifies where to write the logs generated by the bot execution. In this case, it's set to C:/Users/Talal_HP/Desktop/fiverr/mob/bot_logs.log.  (Change this according to your need).



Files Breakdown:

login_info_csv: Contains all the information for your Instagram login like username, password, and the IP if you want to run with the IP.
usernames_csv: Contains the usernames of the people you want to find the emails.
bot_logs.log: Contains all the logs and, at last, contains the emails the bot finds.
ip_info.py: Contains the username, password, and ports of the IP. Change them according to your needs.

Working
The bot automatically detects the mobile devices attached to the PC and runs the bot. Make sure to put the same number of login information in login_info.csv with the number of devices attached.

The bot automatically reads the number of mobiles and matches with the login_info. If it matches, it runs each user on each mobile and also distributes the usernames on all mobiles. For example, if there are 100 usernames and there are 2 mobiles and 2 user information, it divides usernames into 50, 50 and sends to each mobile for processing.

Sample Files
Sample files are attached. Change the information like username, password, IPs according to your needs but make sure to not change the headers of the file. You can keep them in your local pc and change the names and ips and otehr info and send them through request api.


How to run:

Run app.py file in the cloud or any server. Then run the command given with the changes IP according to your need in your local computer with the files path and output path and the ip and port of your server which app.py shows. Bot runs 24/7 in the server. Just run the command on your local computer with the paths, and it returns you a log file and emails.

Please see the attached video of the bot's working.

Make sure to login the gmail account in mobiles.